Metrics Queries Index (#2408)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/metrics/metrics-queries/index.md

This guide has information about Sumo Logic metrics query operators and how to run metrics queries.

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

In this section, we'll introduce the following concepts:

<div className="box-wrapper" markdown="1">
<div className="box smallbox1 card">
  <div className="container">
  <a href="/docs/metrics/metrics-queries/metrics-explorer"><img src={useBaseUrl('img/icons/operations/queries.png')} alt="icon" width="40"/><h4>Metrics Explorer</h4></a>
  <p>Learn how to use the Metrics Explorer to query your metrics.</p>
  </div>
</div>
<div className="box smallbox2 card">
  <div className="container">
  <a href="/docs/metrics/metrics-queries/map-charts"><img src={useBaseUrl('img/icons/operations/queries.png')} alt="icon" width="40"/><h4>Map Charts</h4></a>

>   <p>Learn how to visualize metric query results by geographic location.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <p>Learn how to visualize metrics query results by geographic location.</p>
```

  <p>Learn how to set up an autocomplete dropdown dialog that makes query writing easier.</p>
  </div>
</div>
<div className="box smallbox6 card">
<div className="container">
  <a href="/docs/metrics/metrics-queries/query-comments"><img src={useBaseUrl('img/icons/operations/queries.png')} alt="icon" width="40"/><h4>Using Comments in Queries</h4></a>
  <p>Learn to add comments to a metrics query and comment out parts of the query using comment formatting.</p>
  </div>
</div>
<div className="box smallbox7 card">
<div className="container">
  <a href="/docs/metrics/metrics-queries/aggregation-tips"><img src={useBaseUrl('img/icons/operations/queries.png')} alt="icon" width="40"/><h4>Metric Aggregation Tips</h4></a>
  <p>Learn to display a tip for how to use an aggregation clause to produce more readable results. </p>
  </div>
</div>
<div className="box smallbox8 card">
<div className="container">
  <a href="/docs/metrics/metrics-queries/metric-query-error-messages"><img src={useBaseUrl('img/icons/operations/queries.png')} alt="icon" width="40"/><h4>Error Messages</h4></a>

>   <p>Know about warning and error messages presented for long-running metric queries and metric queries.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <p>Learn about warnings and error messages presented for long-running metric queries and metric queries.</p>
```
